= Hourz

{Hourz}[http://garysweaver.github.com/hourz] is a Mac OS X application written in {HotCocoa}[http://www.macruby.org/hotcocoa.html] and {MacRuby}[http://www.macruby.org/] as a standalone app that can track time spent on various tasks via task timers.

== Download

See {downloads}[http://garysweaver.github.com/hourz] section in the website.

== Use

Basically you start the app, add tasks, start a task, start another task, stop the task, edit task names, delete tasks.

== Building

Install {MacRuby}[http://www.macruby.org/] 0.5 or later.

Install {HotCocoa}[http://www.macruby.org/hotcocoa.html] 0.5.1 or later.

  $ sudo macgem hotcocoa

Build the app and run it.

  $ macrake

Deploy it.

  $ macrake deploy

Debug it if needed.

  $ macruby lib/application.rb --debug
  
Use ctrl-c in Terminal.app to kill the app if it gets hung.

== Known Issues

The following are known issues:

* If you don't need it to persist data and just time tasks in-memory, it works great right now, although it is a bit simplistic. It is not much more than a multiple-stopwatch/multiple-timer type application at the moment.

* Persistence to file is not working. It corrupts task names and you lose the amount of time you spent on tasks.

* I'd hoped to have it automatically determine what day it was and put hours by those days and let you edit the hours, but all it does for now is to just track time spent on tasks.

* When you close the window, you are supposed to be able to maximize it again, but I don't have that working. So you have to right-click to Quit the app for now.

* I couldn't yet figure out how to show/hide the add and edit portions of the window, so for now they are both showing at once.

* It would be nice if the stop/start, edit, and delete were icons and took up less space in the table. If there were a way to only let the column be as wide as the action name or icon, that would be best, but I don't know how to do that yet. I'm also considering not making the window resizable, since you can make the window too small in this version.

If you have issues with Hourz, please add them to the {issue tracker}[http://github.com/garysweaver/hourz/issues].

== Like to Help Develop It?

Please contact me if you would like to help develop Hourz, and feel free to fork it if you can't wait.

== License

Copyright (c) 2010 Gary S. Weaver, released under the {MIT license}[http://github.com/garysweaver/hourz/blob/master/LICENSE].
